logisim_src/file/ToolbarData.java
 logisim_src.file.ToolbarData
 logisim_src.file.ToolbarData$ToolbarListener
draw/model/CanvasModelListener.java
 draw.model.CanvasModelListener
logisim_src/circuit/CircuitAction.java
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitAction
logisim_src/gui/log/ModelEvent.java
 logisim_src.gui.log.ModelEvent
logisim_src/circuit/ReplacementMap.java
 logisim_src.circuit.ReplacementMap
logisim_src/circuit/Strings.java
 logisim_src.circuit.Strings
logisim_src/gui/main/CanvasPaintThread.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.CanvasPaintThread
logisim_src/std/wiring/Wiring.java
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Wiring
logisim_src/instance/StdAttr.java
 logisim_src.instance.StdAttr
logisim_src/std/memory/CounterAttributes.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.CounterAttributes
logisim_src/tools/SelectTool.java
 logisim_src.tools.SelectTool
 logisim_src.tools.SelectTool$ComputingMessage
 logisim_src.tools.SelectTool$Listener
 logisim_src.tools.SelectTool$MoveRequestHandler
logisim_src/std/Strings.java
 logisim_src.std.Strings
logisim_src/analyze/gui/AnalyzerManager.java
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.AnalyzerManager
logisim_src/file/LibraryListener.java
 logisim_src.file.LibraryListener
logisim_src/gui/main/CircuitJList.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.CircuitJList
logisim_src/tools/WireRepairData.java
 logisim_src.tools.WireRepairData
logisim_src/analyze/model/VariableListEvent.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.VariableListEvent
draw/tools/ToolbarToolItem.java
 draw.tools.ToolbarToolItem
logisim_src/gui/start/About.java
 logisim_src.gui.start.About
 logisim_src.gui.start.About$MyPanel
 logisim_src.gui.start.About$PanelThread
logisim_src/tools/TextTool.java
 logisim_src.tools.TextTool
 logisim_src.tools.TextTool$MyListener
logisim_src/tools/SetAttributeAction.java
 logisim_src.tools.SetAttributeAction
logisim_src/tools/move/MoveRequest.java
 logisim_src.tools.move.MoveRequest
logisim_src/gui/main/ExportImage.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.ExportImage
 logisim_src.gui.main.ExportImage$ExportThread
 logisim_src.gui.main.ExportImage$ImageFileFilter
 logisim_src.gui.main.ExportImage$OptionsPanel
logisim_src/std/wiring/ProbeAttributes.java
 logisim_src.std.wiring.ProbeAttributes
logisim_src/std/gates/NegateAttribute.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.NegateAttribute
logisim_src/std/arith/Comparator.java
 logisim_src.std.arith.Comparator
logisim_src/circuit/appear/DefaultAppearance.java
 logisim_src.circuit.appear.DefaultAppearance
 logisim_src.circuit.appear.DefaultAppearance$CompareLocations
logisim_src/circuit/appear/CircuitPins.java
 logisim_src.circuit.appear.CircuitPins
 logisim_src.circuit.appear.CircuitPins$MyComponentListener
logisim_src/gui/main/ProjectToolbarModel.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.ProjectToolbarModel
logisim_src/comp/ComponentEvent.java
 logisim_src.comp.ComponentEvent
logisim_src/circuit/appear/AppearanceAnchor.java
 logisim_src.circuit.appear.AppearanceAnchor
logisim_src/gui/main/SimulationToolbarModel.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.SimulationToolbarModel
draw/shapes/Text.java
 draw.shapes.Text
logisim_src/gui/menu/WindowManagers.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.WindowManagers
 logisim_src.gui.menu.WindowManagers$MyListener
 logisim_src.gui.menu.WindowManagers$ProjectManager
logisim_src/data/Size.java
 logisim_src.data.Size
logisim_src/gui/main/ProjectExplorer.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.ProjectExplorer
 logisim_src.gui.main.ProjectExplorer$DeleteAction
 logisim_src.gui.main.ProjectExplorer$DragController
 logisim_src.gui.main.ProjectExplorer$Event
 logisim_src.gui.main.ProjectExplorer$Listener
 logisim_src.gui.main.ProjectExplorer$MyCellRenderer
 logisim_src.gui.main.ProjectExplorer$MyListener
 logisim_src.gui.main.ProjectExplorer$MyModel
 logisim_src.gui.main.ProjectExplorer$MySelectionModel
 logisim_src.gui.main.ProjectExplorer$SubListener
 logisim_src.gui.main.ProjectExplorer$ToolIcon
logisim_src/gui/menu/ProjectCircuitActions.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.ProjectCircuitActions
 logisim_src.gui.menu.ProjectCircuitActions$1
logisim_src/comp/TextField.java
 logisim_src.comp.TextField
logisim_src/tools/PokeTool.java
 logisim_src.tools.PokeTool
 logisim_src.tools.PokeTool$Listener
 logisim_src.tools.PokeTool$WireCaret
logisim_src/data/BitWidth.java
 logisim_src.data.BitWidth
 logisim_src.data.BitWidth$Attribute
draw/toolbar/ToolbarSeparator.java
 draw.toolbar.ToolbarSeparator
draw/model/AbstractCanvasObject.java
 draw.model.AbstractCanvasObject
logisim_src/std/arith/Adder.java
 logisim_src.std.arith.Adder
logisim_src/util/LocaleManager.java
 logisim_src.util.LocaleManager
 logisim_src.util.LocaleManager$LocaleGetter
logisim_src/util/GifEncoder.java
 logisim_src.util.GifEncoder
 logisim_src.util.GifEncoder$BitFile
 logisim_src.util.GifEncoder$BitUtils
 logisim_src.util.GifEncoder$ImageDescriptor
 logisim_src.util.GifEncoder$LZWCompressor
 logisim_src.util.GifEncoder$LZWStringTable
 logisim_src.util.GifEncoder$MyGrabber
 logisim_src.util.GifEncoder$ScreenDescriptor
logisim_src/circuit/appear/AppearancePort.java
 logisim_src.circuit.appear.AppearancePort
draw/model/CanvasModelEvent.java
 draw.model.CanvasModelEvent
logisim_src/gui/start/Strings.java
 logisim_src.gui.start.Strings
logisim_src/tools/key/KeyConfigurator.java
 logisim_src.tools.key.KeyConfigurator
logisim_src/circuit/WireRepair.java
 logisim_src.circuit.WireRepair
 logisim_src.circuit.WireRepair$MergeSets
logisim_src/gui/appear/AppearanceEditHandler.java
 logisim_src.gui.appear.AppearanceEditHandler
logisim_src/circuit/WireThread.java
 logisim_src.circuit.WireThread
logisim_src/gui/main/StatisticsDialog.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.StatisticsDialog
 logisim_src.gui.main.StatisticsDialog$CompareString
 logisim_src.gui.main.StatisticsDialog$StatisticsTable
 logisim_src.gui.main.StatisticsDialog$StatisticsTableModel
logisim_src/analyze/model/TruthTableListener.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.TruthTableListener
logisim_src/tools/Pokable.java
 logisim_src.tools.Pokable
logisim_src/file/XmlReaderException.java
 logisim_src.file.XmlReaderException
logisim_src/data/Value.java
 logisim_src.data.Value
logisim_src/util/MacCompatibility.java
 logisim_src.util.MacCompatibility
logisim_src/circuit/SimulatorTicker.java
 logisim_src.circuit.SimulatorTicker
logisim_src/file/LogisimFileActions.java
 logisim_src.file.LogisimFileActions
 logisim_src.file.LogisimFileActions$AddCircuit
 logisim_src.file.LogisimFileActions$LoadLibraries
 logisim_src.file.LogisimFileActions$MoveCircuit
 logisim_src.file.LogisimFileActions$RemoveCircuit
 logisim_src.file.LogisimFileActions$RevertAttributeValue
 logisim_src.file.LogisimFileActions$RevertDefaults
 logisim_src.file.LogisimFileActions$SetMainCircuit
 logisim_src.file.LogisimFileActions$UnloadLibraries
draw/undo/UndoLog.java
 draw.undo.UndoLog
draw/actions/ModelRemoveAction.java
 draw.actions.ModelRemoveAction
logisim_src/tools/move/SearchNode.java
 logisim_src.tools.move.SearchNode
gray/CounterData.java
 gray.CounterData
logisim_src/gui/generic/AttrTableModelEvent.java
 logisim_src.gui.generic.AttrTableModelEvent
logisim_src/gui/prefs/LayoutOptions.java
 logisim_src.gui.prefs.LayoutOptions
logisim_src/util/TableLayout.java
 logisim_src.util.TableLayout
logisim_src/gui/main/AttrTableComponentModel.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.AttrTableComponentModel
logisim_src/gui/appear/SelectionAction.java
 logisim_src.gui.appear.SelectionAction
logisim_src/comp/EndData.java
 logisim_src.comp.EndData
draw/util/ZOrder.java
 draw.util.ZOrder
gray/SimpleGrayCounter.java
 gray.SimpleGrayCounter
logisim_src/analyze/model/TruthTable.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.TruthTable
 logisim_src.analyze.model.TruthTable$MyListener
logisim_src/analyze/gui/Analyzer.java
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.Analyzer
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.Analyzer$1
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.Analyzer$EditListener
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.Analyzer$MyListener
logisim_src/gui/generic/LFrame.java
 logisim_src.gui.generic.LFrame
logisim_src/std/io/Button.java
 logisim_src.std.io.Button
 logisim_src.std.io.Button$Logger
 logisim_src.std.io.Button$Poker
logisim_src/std/wiring/TransmissionGate.java
 logisim_src.std.wiring.TransmissionGate
logisim_src/gui/opts/Strings.java
 logisim_src.gui.opts.Strings
draw/undo/UndoLogListener.java
 draw.undo.UndoLogListener
draw/tools/SelectTool.java
 draw.tools.SelectTool
draw/undo/UndoLogEvent.java
 draw.undo.UndoLogEvent
logisim_src/circuit/appear/PortManager.java
 logisim_src.circuit.appear.PortManager
logisim_src/gui/main/SimulationExplorer.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.SimulationExplorer
logisim_src/comp/ComponentState.java
 logisim_src.comp.ComponentState
logisim_src/gui/prefs/PrefOption.java
 logisim_src.gui.prefs.PrefOption
logisim_src/util/StringGetter.java
 logisim_src.util.StringGetter
logisim_src/gui/generic/AttrTableSetException.java
 logisim_src.gui.generic.AttrTableSetException
logisim_src/util/SmallSet.java
 logisim_src.util.SmallSet
 logisim_src.util.SmallSet$ArrayIterator
draw/tools/LineTool.java
 draw.tools.LineTool
logisim_src/prefs/Template.java
 logisim_src.prefs.Template
draw/shapes/RoundRectangle.java
 draw.shapes.RoundRectangle
logisim_src/std/memory/Ram.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.Ram
 logisim_src.std.memory.Ram$Logger
 logisim_src.std.memory.Ram$RamState
 logisim_src.std.memory.Ram$RamState$1
logisim_src/gui/main/ToolboxManip.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.ToolboxManip
 logisim_src.gui.main.ToolboxManip$MyListener
logisim_src/instance/Instance.java
 logisim_src.instance.Instance
logisim_src/tools/AbstractCaret.java
 logisim_src.tools.AbstractCaret
logisim_src/std/base/Strings.java
 logisim_src.std.base.Strings
logisim_src/std/memory/ShiftRegister.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.ShiftRegister
logisim_src/gui/generic/CanvasPaneContents.java
 logisim_src.gui.generic.CanvasPaneContents
logisim_src/data/AttributeListener.java
 logisim_src.data.AttributeListener
logisim_src/circuit/CircuitWires.java
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitWires
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitWires$BundleMap
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitWires$SplitterData
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitWires$State
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitWires$ThreadBundle
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitWires$TunnelListener
draw/tools/RoundRectangleTool.java
 draw.tools.RoundRectangleTool
logisim_src/std/gates/Strings.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.Strings
logisim_src/comp/ManagedComponent.java
 logisim_src.comp.ManagedComponent
logisim_src/circuit/SimulatorListener.java
 logisim_src.circuit.SimulatorListener
logisim_src/instance/InstanceLoggerAdapter.java
 logisim_src.instance.InstanceLoggerAdapter
logisim_src/gui/main/AttrTableToolModel.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.AttrTableToolModel
logisim_src/tools/key/KeyConfigurationEvent.java
 logisim_src.tools.key.KeyConfigurationEvent
logisim_src/circuit/appear/CircuitAppearance.java
 logisim_src.circuit.appear.CircuitAppearance
 logisim_src.circuit.appear.CircuitAppearance$MyListener
logisim_src/gui/menu/MenuItemHelper.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.MenuItemHelper
draw/tools/CurveTool.java
 draw.tools.CurveTool
draw/gui/Toolbar.java
 draw.gui.Toolbar
 draw.gui.Toolbar$Listener
logisim_src/gui/main/CanvasPainter.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.CanvasPainter
logisim_src/std/arith/Negator.java
 logisim_src.std.arith.Negator
logisim_src/gui/appear/Strings.java
 logisim_src.gui.appear.Strings
draw/undo/UndoLogDispatcher.java
 draw.undo.UndoLogDispatcher
logisim_src/instance/InstanceData.java
 logisim_src.instance.InstanceData
logisim_src/std/memory/MemContentsSub.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.MemContentsSub
 logisim_src.std.memory.MemContentsSub$ByteContents
 logisim_src.std.memory.MemContentsSub$ContentsInterface
 logisim_src.std.memory.MemContentsSub$IntContents
 logisim_src.std.memory.MemContentsSub$ShortContents
logisim_src/file/ProjectsDirty.java
 logisim_src.file.ProjectsDirty
 logisim_src.file.ProjectsDirty$DirtyListener
 logisim_src.file.ProjectsDirty$ProjectListListener
logisim_src/std/wiring/PinAttributes.java
 logisim_src.std.wiring.PinAttributes
logisim_src/circuit/WireUtil.java
 logisim_src.circuit.WireUtil
logisim_src/gui/log/ComponentSelector.java
 logisim_src.gui.log.ComponentSelector
 logisim_src.gui.log.ComponentSelector$CircuitNode
 logisim_src.gui.log.ComponentSelector$CompareByName
 logisim_src.gui.log.ComponentSelector$ComponentNode
 logisim_src.gui.log.ComponentSelector$MyCellRenderer
 logisim_src.gui.log.ComponentSelector$OptionNode
logisim_src/circuit/appear/CircuitAppearanceListener.java
 logisim_src.circuit.appear.CircuitAppearanceListener
logisim_src/data/Direction.java
 logisim_src.data.Direction
logisim_src/proj/Action.java
 logisim_src.proj.Action
logisim_src/util/WindowMenuManager.java
 logisim_src.util.WindowMenuManager
logisim_src/std/io/Keyboard.java
 logisim_src.std.io.Keyboard
 logisim_src.std.io.Keyboard$Poker
logisim_src/std/base/TextAttributes.java
 logisim_src.std.base.TextAttributes
logisim_src/gui/log/Selection.java
 logisim_src.gui.log.Selection
logisim_src/gui/log/SelectionItem.java
 logisim_src.gui.log.SelectionItem
logisim_src/std/wiring/Ground.java
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Ground
hex/HexModelListener.java
 hex.HexModelListener
logisim_src/gui/opts/OptionsFrame.java
 logisim_src.gui.opts.OptionsFrame
 logisim_src.gui.opts.OptionsFrame$MyListener
 logisim_src.gui.opts.OptionsFrame$WindowMenuManager
logisim_src/analyze/model/VariableListListener.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.VariableListListener
logisim_src/std/wiring/Tunnel.java
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Tunnel
logisim_src/prefs/PrefMonitorInt.java
 logisim_src.prefs.PrefMonitorInt
logisim_src/gui/main/ToolAttributeAction.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.ToolAttributeAction
logisim_src/gui/main/LogisimToolbarItem.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.LogisimToolbarItem
logisim_src/file/LibraryEventSource.java
 logisim_src.file.LibraryEventSource
logisim_src/gui/menu/EditPopup.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.EditPopup
 logisim_src.gui.menu.EditPopup$Listener
logisim_src/std/memory/MemContents.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.MemContents
logisim_src/std/gates/NandGate.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.NandGate
logisim_src/tools/key/BitWidthConfigurator.java
 logisim_src.tools.key.BitWidthConfigurator
logisim_src/instance/InstancePainter.java
 logisim_src.instance.InstancePainter
logisim_src/std/wiring/Strings.java
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Strings
logisim_src/gui/main/KeyboardToolSelection.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.KeyboardToolSelection
logisim_src/circuit/SplitterFactory.java
 logisim_src.circuit.SplitterFactory
logisim_src/gui/generic/AttrTable.java
 logisim_src.gui.generic.AttrTable
 logisim_src.gui.generic.AttrTable$CellEditor
 logisim_src.gui.generic.AttrTable$MyDialog
 logisim_src.gui.generic.AttrTable$NullAttrModel
 logisim_src.gui.generic.AttrTable$TableModelAdapter
 logisim_src.gui.generic.AttrTable$TitleLabel
logisim_src/util/LocaleListener.java
 logisim_src.util.LocaleListener
logisim_src/prefs/Strings.java
 logisim_src.prefs.Strings
logisim_src/std/memory/Memory.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.Memory
draw/model/DrawingOverlaps.java
 draw.model.DrawingOverlaps
logisim_src/util/JTreeDragController.java
 logisim_src.util.JTreeDragController
logisim_src/util/JDialogOk.java
 logisim_src.util.JDialogOk
 logisim_src.util.JDialogOk$MyListener
logisim_src/gui/menu/SimulateListener.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.SimulateListener
logisim_src/gui/start/Startup.java
 logisim_src.gui.start.Startup
logisim_src/std/gates/AbstractGate.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.AbstractGate
 logisim_src.std.gates.AbstractGate$1
 logisim_src.std.gates.AbstractGate$2
logisim_src/file/LoadFailedException.java
 logisim_src.file.LoadFailedException
logisim_src/analyze/gui/VariableTab.java
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.VariableTab
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.VariableTab$MyListener
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.VariableTab$VariableListModel
logisim_src/gui/appear/AppearanceView.java
 logisim_src.gui.appear.AppearanceView
logisim_src/gui/log/SelectionList.java
 logisim_src.gui.log.SelectionList
 logisim_src.gui.log.SelectionList$Model
 logisim_src.gui.log.SelectionList$MyCellRenderer
logisim_src/file/Loader.java
 logisim_src.file.Loader
 logisim_src.file.Loader$JarFileFilter
 logisim_src.file.Loader$LogisimFileFilter
logisim_src/std/gates/Buffer.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.Buffer
 logisim_src.std.gates.Buffer$1
logisim_src/util/HorizontalSplitPane.java
 logisim_src.util.HorizontalSplitPane
 logisim_src.util.HorizontalSplitPane$Dragbar
 logisim_src.util.HorizontalSplitPane$MyDragbar
 logisim_src.util.HorizontalSplitPane$MyLayout
logisim_src/gui/opts/ComboOption.java
 logisim_src.gui.opts.ComboOption
logisim_src/file/LibraryEvent.java
 logisim_src.file.LibraryEvent
logisim_src/std/memory/Mem.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.Mem
 logisim_src.std.memory.Mem$MemListener
logisim_src/data/AttributeOptionInterface.java
 logisim_src.data.AttributeOptionInterface
logisim_src/gui/hex/HexFrame.java
 logisim_src.gui.hex.HexFrame
 logisim_src.gui.hex.HexFrame$EditListener
 logisim_src.gui.hex.HexFrame$MyListener
 logisim_src.gui.hex.HexFrame$WindowMenuManager
draw/gui/SelectionAttributes.java
 draw.gui.SelectionAttributes
 draw.gui.SelectionAttributes$Listener
logisim_src/analyze/gui/TabInterface.java
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.TabInterface
logisim_src/gui/menu/OpenRecent.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.OpenRecent
 logisim_src.gui.menu.OpenRecent$RecentItem
logisim_src/file/LogisimFile.java
 logisim_src.file.LogisimFile
 logisim_src.file.LogisimFile$WritingThread
draw/model/AttributeMapKey.java
 draw.model.AttributeMapKey
logisim_src/gui/main/Frame.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.Frame
 logisim_src.gui.main.Frame$MyProjectListener
 logisim_src.gui.main.Frame$MyWindowListener
logisim_src/gui/prefs/PreferencesFrame.java
 logisim_src.gui.prefs.PreferencesFrame
 logisim_src.gui.prefs.PreferencesFrame$MyListener
 logisim_src.gui.prefs.PreferencesFrame$WindowMenuManager
logisim_src/tools/CaretListener.java
 logisim_src.tools.CaretListener
logisim_src/util/Strings.java
 logisim_src.util.Strings
draw/tools/AbstractTool.java
 draw.tools.AbstractTool
draw/model/Handle.java
 draw.model.Handle
logisim_src/std/wiring/Probe.java
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Probe
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Probe$ProbeLogger
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Probe$StateData
logisim_src/util/ArraySet.java
 logisim_src.util.ArraySet
 logisim_src.util.ArraySet$ArrayIterator
draw/shapes/Rectangular.java
 draw.shapes.Rectangular
logisim_src/analyze/model/AnalyzerModel.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.AnalyzerModel
logisim_src/tools/move/MoveResult.java
 logisim_src.tools.move.MoveResult
logisim_src/util/LocaleSelector.java
 logisim_src.util.LocaleSelector
 logisim_src.util.LocaleSelector$LocaleOption
draw/model/Drawing.java
 draw.model.Drawing
logisim_src/instance/InstanceComponent.java
 logisim_src.instance.InstanceComponent
logisim_src/analyze/model/OutputExpressionsEvent.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.OutputExpressionsEvent
draw/shapes/Line.java
 draw.shapes.Line
logisim_src/gui/main/Clipboard.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.Clipboard
logisim_src/util/PropertyChangeWeakSupport.java
 logisim_src.util.PropertyChangeWeakSupport
 logisim_src.util.PropertyChangeWeakSupport$ListenerData
logisim_src/tools/key/KeyConfigurationResult.java
 logisim_src.tools.key.KeyConfigurationResult
logisim_src/gui/log/TablePanel.java
 logisim_src.gui.log.TablePanel
 logisim_src.gui.log.TablePanel$MyListener
 logisim_src.gui.log.TablePanel$VerticalScrollBar
logisim_src/circuit/WidthIncompatibilityData.java
 logisim_src.circuit.WidthIncompatibilityData
logisim_src/proj/Projects.java
 logisim_src.proj.Projects
 logisim_src.proj.Projects$MyListener
logisim_src/proj/Dependencies.java
 logisim_src.proj.Dependencies
 logisim_src.proj.Dependencies$MyListener
logisim_src/std/memory/Counter.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.Counter
logisim_src/gui/main/LayoutEditHandler.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.LayoutEditHandler
logisim_src/gui/log/ComponentIcon.java
 logisim_src.gui.log.ComponentIcon
logisim_src/instance/InstanceDataSingleton.java
 logisim_src.instance.InstanceDataSingleton
logisim_src/circuit/WireSet.java
 logisim_src.circuit.WireSet
logisim_src/file/XmlWriter.java
 logisim_src.file.XmlWriter
logisim_src/std/memory/DFlipFlop.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.DFlipFlop
logisim_src/util/JFileChoosers.java
 logisim_src.util.JFileChoosers
 logisim_src.util.JFileChoosers$LogisimFileChooser
logisim_src/data/Location.java
 logisim_src.data.Location
logisim_src/util/CollectionUtil.java
 logisim_src.util.CollectionUtil
 logisim_src.util.CollectionUtil$UnionList
 logisim_src.util.CollectionUtil$UnionSet
logisim_src/gui/appear/AppearanceCanvas.java
 logisim_src.gui.appear.AppearanceCanvas
 logisim_src.gui.appear.AppearanceCanvas$Listener
logisim_src/gui/generic/AttrTableModelRow.java
 logisim_src.gui.generic.AttrTableModelRow
draw/shapes/LineUtil.java
 draw.shapes.LineUtil
logisim_src/circuit/SplitterParameters.java
 logisim_src.circuit.SplitterParameters
logisim_src/analyze/gui/DefaultRegistry.java
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.DefaultRegistry
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.DefaultRegistry$MyListener
logisim_src/comp/ComponentFactory.java
 logisim_src.comp.ComponentFactory
draw/shapes/CurveUtil.java
 draw.shapes.CurveUtil
logisim_src/std/wiring/DurationAttribute.java
 logisim_src.std.wiring.DurationAttribute
logisim_src/std/memory/Strings.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.Strings
draw/canvas/ActionDispatcher.java
 draw.canvas.ActionDispatcher
logisim_src/std/memory/ShiftRegisterData.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.ShiftRegisterData
logisim_src/gui/menu/Strings.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.Strings
logisim_src/gui/menu/MenuEdit.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.MenuEdit
 logisim_src.gui.menu.MenuEdit$MyListener
logisim_src/util/TableSorter.java
 logisim_src.util.TableSorter
 logisim_src.util.TableSorter$1
 logisim_src.util.TableSorter$2
 logisim_src.util.TableSorter$Arrow
 logisim_src.util.TableSorter$Directive
 logisim_src.util.TableSorter$MouseHandler
 logisim_src.util.TableSorter$Row
 logisim_src.util.TableSorter$SortableHeaderRenderer
 logisim_src.util.TableSorter$TableModelHandler
draw/actions/ModelMoveHandleAction.java
 draw.actions.ModelMoveHandleAction
logisim_src/circuit/CircuitTransaction.java
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitTransaction
logisim_src/prefs/PrefMonitorBoolean.java
 logisim_src.prefs.PrefMonitorBoolean
logisim_src/prefs/RecentProjects.java
 logisim_src.prefs.RecentProjects
 logisim_src.prefs.RecentProjects$FileTime
logisim_src/std/io/KeyboardData.java
 logisim_src.std.io.KeyboardData
logisim_src/file/Options.java
 logisim_src.file.Options
logisim_src/analyze/gui/TruthTableMouseListener.java
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.TruthTableMouseListener
logisim_src/proj/ProjectEvent.java
 logisim_src.proj.ProjectEvent
logisim_src/tools/FactoryAttributes.java
 logisim_src.tools.FactoryAttributes
logisim_src/gui/main/LayoutToolbarModel.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.LayoutToolbarModel
 logisim_src.gui.main.LayoutToolbarModel$MyListener
 logisim_src.gui.main.LayoutToolbarModel$ToolItem
logisim_src/gui/main/SimulationTreeNode.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.SimulationTreeNode
logisim_src/file/XmlIterator.java
 logisim_src.file.XmlIterator
logisim_src/analyze/gui/MinimizedTab.java
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.MinimizedTab
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.MinimizedTab$FormatModel
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.MinimizedTab$MyListener
draw/util/MatchingSet.java
 draw.util.MatchingSet
 draw.util.MatchingSet$MatchIterator
 draw.util.MatchingSet$Member
logisim_src/tools/WiringTool.java
 logisim_src.tools.WiringTool
logisim_src/std/gates/NotGate.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.NotGate
 logisim_src.std.gates.NotGate$1
logisim_src/gui/appear/LayoutPopupManager.java
 logisim_src.gui.appear.LayoutPopupManager
draw/shapes/Poly.java
 draw.shapes.Poly
logisim_src/std/io/DotMatrix.java
 logisim_src.std.io.DotMatrix
 logisim_src.std.io.DotMatrix$State
logisim_src/circuit/appear/CircuitAppearanceEvent.java
 logisim_src.circuit.appear.CircuitAppearanceEvent
logisim_src/tools/key/IntegerConfigurator.java
 logisim_src.tools.key.IntegerConfigurator
logisim_src/std/memory/RegisterData.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.RegisterData
logisim_src/data/Strings.java
 logisim_src.data.Strings
logisim_src/std/wiring/Clock.java
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Clock
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Clock$ClockLogger
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Clock$ClockPoker
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Clock$ClockState
logisim_src/analyze/gui/ExpressionView.java
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.ExpressionView
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.ExpressionView$ExpressionData
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.ExpressionView$ExpressionData$1
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.ExpressionView$MyListener
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.ExpressionView$NotData
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.ExpressionView$RenderData
logisim_src/data/AttributeDefaultProvider.java
 logisim_src.data.AttributeDefaultProvider
logisim_src/std/wiring/Constant.java
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Constant
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Constant$ConstantAttributes
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Constant$ConstantExpression
logisim_src/std/memory/MemMenu.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.MemMenu
logisim_src/std/wiring/Transistor.java
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Transistor
logisim_src/instance/Strings.java
 logisim_src.instance.Strings
draw/util/EditableLabel.java
 draw.util.EditableLabel
logisim_src/gui/opts/SimulateOptions.java
 logisim_src.gui.opts.SimulateOptions
 logisim_src.gui.opts.SimulateOptions$MyListener
logisim_src/gui/appear/ClipboardContents.java
 logisim_src.gui.appear.ClipboardContents
logisim_src/analyze/model/Implicant.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Implicant
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Implicant$TermIterator
logisim_src/analyze/model/VariableList.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.VariableList
logisim_src/gui/menu/Menu.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.Menu
logisim_src/util/GraphicsUtil.java
 logisim_src.util.GraphicsUtil
logisim_src/gui/log/Loggable.java
 logisim_src.gui.log.Loggable
logisim_src/instance/InstancePoker.java
 logisim_src.instance.InstancePoker
logisim_src/gui/generic/AttributeSetTableModel.java
 logisim_src.gui.generic.AttributeSetTableModel
 logisim_src.gui.generic.AttributeSetTableModel$AttrRow
logisim_src/std/memory/SRFlipFlop.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.SRFlipFlop
logisim_src/circuit/CircuitListener.java
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitListener
logisim_src/LogisimMain.java
 logisim_src.LogisimMain
logisim_src/std/gates/OddParityGate.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.OddParityGate
logisim_src/util/InputEventUtil.java
 logisim_src.util.InputEventUtil
draw/toolbar/ToolbarModelEvent.java
 draw.toolbar.ToolbarModelEvent
logisim_src/tools/move/ConnectorThread.java
 logisim_src.tools.move.ConnectorThread
logisim_src/std/gates/XnorGate.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.XnorGate
logisim_src/circuit/SplitterDistributeItem.java
 logisim_src.circuit.SplitterDistributeItem
logisim_src/circuit/PropagationPoints.java
 logisim_src.circuit.PropagationPoints
 logisim_src.circuit.PropagationPoints$Entry
logisim_src/gui/generic/ZoomModel.java
 logisim_src.gui.generic.ZoomModel
logisim_src/gui/main/MenuListener.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.MenuListener
 logisim_src.gui.main.MenuListener$EditListener
 logisim_src.gui.main.MenuListener$EnabledListener
 logisim_src.gui.main.MenuListener$FileListener
 logisim_src.gui.main.MenuListener$ProjectMenuListener
 logisim_src.gui.main.MenuListener$SimulateMenuListener
logisim_src/std/memory/RegisterPoker.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.RegisterPoker
logisim_src/circuit/CircuitMutatorImpl.java
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitMutatorImpl
draw/util/EditableLabelField.java
 draw.util.EditableLabelField
logisim_src/gui/log/SelectionPanel.java
 logisim_src.gui.log.SelectionPanel
 logisim_src.gui.log.SelectionPanel$Listener
logisim_src/gui/appear/AppearanceSelection.java
 logisim_src.gui.appear.AppearanceSelection
draw/shapes/Curve.java
 draw.shapes.Curve
logisim_src/tools/FactoryDescription.java
 logisim_src.tools.FactoryDescription
draw/actions/ModelInsertHandleAction.java
 draw.actions.ModelInsertHandleAction
logisim_src/circuit/CircuitMutator.java
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitMutator
draw/shapes/Rectangle.java
 draw.shapes.Rectangle
logisim_src/tools/key/JoinedConfigurator.java
 logisim_src.tools.key.JoinedConfigurator
logisim_src/file/LibraryLoader.java
 logisim_src.file.LibraryLoader
logisim_src/tools/move/MoveRequestListener.java
 logisim_src.tools.move.MoveRequestListener
logisim_src/std/memory/TFlipFlop.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.TFlipFlop
logisim_src/file/LibraryManager.java
 logisim_src.file.LibraryManager
 logisim_src.file.LibraryManager$JarDescriptor
 logisim_src.file.LibraryManager$LibraryDescriptor
 logisim_src.file.LibraryManager$LogisimProjectDescriptor
logisim_src/data/Attributes.java
 logisim_src.data.Attributes
 logisim_src.data.Attributes$BooleanAttribute
 logisim_src.data.Attributes$ColorAttribute
 logisim_src.data.Attributes$ColorChooser
 logisim_src.data.Attributes$ConstantGetter
 logisim_src.data.Attributes$DirectionAttribute
 logisim_src.data.Attributes$DoubleAttribute
 logisim_src.data.Attributes$FontAttribute
 logisim_src.data.Attributes$FontChooser
 logisim_src.data.Attributes$HexIntegerAttribute
 logisim_src.data.Attributes$IntegerAttribute
 logisim_src.data.Attributes$IntegerRangeAttribute
 logisim_src.data.Attributes$LocationAttribute
 logisim_src.data.Attributes$OptionAttribute
 logisim_src.data.Attributes$OptionComboRenderer
 logisim_src.data.Attributes$StringAttribute
logisim_src/util/ListUtil.java
 logisim_src.util.ListUtil
 logisim_src.util.ListUtil$JoinedList
draw/model/CanvasObject.java
 draw.model.CanvasObject
logisim_src/std/memory/MemPoker.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.MemPoker
 logisim_src.std.memory.MemPoker$AddrPoker
 logisim_src.std.memory.MemPoker$DataPoker
draw/canvas/Canvas.java
 draw.canvas.Canvas
logisim_src/gui/prefs/TemplateOptions.java
 logisim_src.gui.prefs.TemplateOptions
 logisim_src.gui.prefs.TemplateOptions$MyListener
logisim_src/circuit/CircuitPoints.java
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitPoints
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitPoints$LocationData
logisim_src/analyze/gui/TableTabCaret.java
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.TableTabCaret
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.TableTabCaret$1
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.TableTabCaret$Listener
logisim_src/std/memory/AbstractFlipFlop.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.AbstractFlipFlop
 logisim_src.std.memory.AbstractFlipFlop$Logger
 logisim_src.std.memory.AbstractFlipFlop$Poker
 logisim_src.std.memory.AbstractFlipFlop$StateData
logisim_src/data/AttributeEvent.java
 logisim_src.data.AttributeEvent
logisim_src/gui/appear/CanvasActionAdapter.java
 logisim_src.gui.appear.CanvasActionAdapter
 logisim_src.gui.appear.CanvasActionAdapter$ActionTransaction
logisim_src/gui/start/AboutCredits.java
 logisim_src.gui.start.AboutCredits
 logisim_src.gui.start.AboutCredits$CreditsLine
logisim_src/circuit/WireIterator.java
 logisim_src.circuit.WireIterator
logisim_src/file/MouseMappings.java
 logisim_src.file.MouseMappings
 logisim_src.file.MouseMappings$MouseMappingsListener
logisim_src/gui/menu/MenuFile.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.MenuFile
draw/tools/TextTool.java
 draw.tools.TextTool
 draw.tools.TextTool$CancelListener
 draw.tools.TextTool$FieldListener
logisim_src/prefs/PrefMonitor.java
 logisim_src.prefs.PrefMonitor
logisim_src/comp/TextFieldCaret.java
 logisim_src.comp.TextFieldCaret
logisim_src/util/WindowClosable.java
 logisim_src.util.WindowClosable
logisim_src/tools/Library.java
 logisim_src.tools.Library
draw/gui/AttrTableToolModel.java
 draw.gui.AttrTableToolModel
draw/actions/ModelDeleteHandleAction.java
 draw.actions.ModelDeleteHandleAction
logisim_src/std/plexers/PriorityEncoder.java
 logisim_src.std.plexers.PriorityEncoder
logisim_src/circuit/CircuitMutation.java
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitMutation
logisim_src/std/wiring/ConstantConfigurator.java
 logisim_src.std.wiring.ConstantConfigurator
logisim_src/gui/opts/ToolbarOptions.java
 logisim_src.gui.opts.ToolbarOptions
 logisim_src.gui.opts.ToolbarOptions$Listener
logisim_src/std/io/Strings.java
 logisim_src.std.io.Strings
logisim_src/gui/prefs/IntlOptions.java
 logisim_src.gui.prefs.IntlOptions
 logisim_src.gui.prefs.IntlOptions$RestrictedLabel
logisim_src/analyze/model/Expressions.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Expressions
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Expressions$And
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Expressions$Binary
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Expressions$Constant
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Expressions$Not
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Expressions$Or
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Expressions$Variable
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Expressions$Xor
logisim_src/data/AttributeOption.java
 logisim_src.data.AttributeOption
logisim_src/std/gates/PainterShaped.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.PainterShaped
logisim_src/gui/log/LogPanel.java
 logisim_src.gui.log.LogPanel
logisim_src/std/arith/BitFinder.java
 logisim_src.std.arith.BitFinder
logisim_src/data/AttributeSet.java
 logisim_src.data.AttributeSet
gray/GrayCounter.java
 gray.GrayCounter
logisim_src/std/io/SevenSegment.java
 logisim_src.std.io.SevenSegment
logisim_src/analyze/model/OutputExpressions.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.OutputExpressions
 logisim_src.analyze.model.OutputExpressions$MyListener
 logisim_src.analyze.model.OutputExpressions$OutputData
hex/Measures.java
 hex.Measures
logisim_src/std/gates/CircuitBuilder.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.CircuitBuilder
 logisim_src.std.gates.CircuitBuilder$CompareYs
 logisim_src.std.gates.CircuitBuilder$InputData
 logisim_src.std.gates.CircuitBuilder$Layout
 logisim_src.std.gates.CircuitBuilder$SingleInput
logisim_src/gui/generic/Strings.java
 logisim_src.gui.generic.Strings
logisim_src/circuit/WireBundle.java
 logisim_src.circuit.WireBundle
logisim_src/std/arith/Multiplier.java
 logisim_src.std.arith.Multiplier
logisim_src/comp/ComponentListener.java
 logisim_src.comp.ComponentListener
gray/Components.java
 gray.Components
logisim_src/util/StringUtil.java
 logisim_src.util.StringUtil
 logisim_src.util.StringUtil$1
 logisim_src.util.StringUtil$2
 logisim_src.util.StringUtil$3
logisim_src/std/gates/GateFunctions.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.GateFunctions
logisim_src/std/wiring/PullResistor.java
 logisim_src.std.wiring.PullResistor
logisim_src/std/plexers/Multiplexer.java
 logisim_src.std.plexers.Multiplexer
logisim_src/gui/hex/Strings.java
 logisim_src.gui.hex.Strings
logisim_src/prefs/PrefMonitorStringOpts.java
 logisim_src.prefs.PrefMonitorStringOpts
logisim_src/gui/menu/MenuItemCheckImpl.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.MenuItemCheckImpl
draw/gui/Main.java
 draw.gui.Main
logisim_src/util/EventSourceWeakSupport.java
 logisim_src.util.EventSourceWeakSupport
logisim_src/std/Builtin.java
 logisim_src.std.Builtin
draw/tools/RectangleTool.java
 draw.tools.RectangleTool
logisim_src/comp/TextFieldListener.java
 logisim_src.comp.TextFieldListener
logisim_src/circuit/SplitterAttributes.java
 logisim_src.circuit.SplitterAttributes
 logisim_src.circuit.SplitterAttributes$BitOutAttribute
 logisim_src.circuit.SplitterAttributes$BitOutOption
logisim_src/gui/generic/GridPainter.java
 logisim_src.gui.generic.GridPainter
 logisim_src.gui.generic.GridPainter$Listener
draw/shapes/DrawAttr.java
 draw.shapes.DrawAttr
logisim_src/std/gates/PainterDin.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.PainterDin
logisim_src/circuit/appear/Strings.java
 logisim_src.circuit.appear.Strings
logisim_src/analyze/gui/AnalyzerTab.java
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.AnalyzerTab
logisim_src/circuit/CircuitLocker.java
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitLocker
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitLocker$CircuitComparator
logisim_src/std/base/Base.java
 logisim_src.std.base.Base
logisim_src/analyze/model/Entry.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Entry
logisim_src/gui/menu/LogisimMenuItem.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.LogisimMenuItem
logisim_src/gui/prefs/PrefOptionList.java
 logisim_src.gui.prefs.PrefOptionList
logisim_src/gui/generic/ZoomControl.java
 logisim_src.gui.generic.ZoomControl
 logisim_src.gui.generic.ZoomControl$GridIcon
 logisim_src.gui.generic.ZoomControl$SpinnerModel
logisim_src/std/memory/JKFlipFlop.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.JKFlipFlop
logisim_src/gui/log/ModelListener.java
 logisim_src.gui.log.ModelListener
logisim_src/gui/log/LogFrame.java
 logisim_src.gui.log.LogFrame
 logisim_src.gui.log.LogFrame$MyListener
 logisim_src.gui.log.LogFrame$WindowMenuManager
logisim_src/std/plexers/Demultiplexer.java
 logisim_src.std.plexers.Demultiplexer
logisim_src/gui/main/EditHandler.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.EditHandler
 logisim_src.gui.main.EditHandler$Listener
logisim_src/std/gates/XorGate.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.XorGate
logisim_src/util/JTreeUtil.java
 logisim_src.util.JTreeUtil
 logisim_src.util.JTreeUtil$TransferableNode
 logisim_src.util.JTreeUtil$TreeTransferHandler
logisim_src/std/memory/ClockState.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.ClockState
logisim_src/std/gates/GateAttributes.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.GateAttributes
draw/gui/AttrTableDrawManager.java
 draw.gui.AttrTableDrawManager
logisim_src/gui/prefs/WindowOptions.java
 logisim_src.gui.prefs.WindowOptions
logisim_src/tools/key/DirectionConfigurator.java
 logisim_src.tools.key.DirectionConfigurator
logisim_src/tools/key/NumericConfigurator.java
 logisim_src.tools.key.NumericConfigurator
logisim_src/std/io/Tty.java
 logisim_src.std.io.Tty
logisim_src/proj/JoinedAction.java
 logisim_src.proj.JoinedAction
logisim_src/tools/MenuExtender.java
 logisim_src.tools.MenuExtender
logisim_src/tools/MenuTool.java
 logisim_src.tools.MenuTool
 logisim_src.tools.MenuTool$MenuComponent
 logisim_src.tools.MenuTool$MenuSelection
draw/model/HandleGesture.java
 draw.model.HandleGesture
logisim_src/util/UnmodifiableList.java
 logisim_src.util.UnmodifiableList
logisim_src/proj/ProjectActions.java
 logisim_src.proj.ProjectActions
 logisim_src.proj.ProjectActions$CreateFrame
draw/actions/ModelTranslateAction.java
 draw.actions.ModelTranslateAction
logisim_src/circuit/CircuitAttributes.java
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitAttributes
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitAttributes$MyListener
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitAttributes$StaticListener
logisim_src/std/memory/RegisterLogger.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.RegisterLogger
logisim_src/gui/menu/MenuItem.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.MenuItem
logisim_src/analyze/model/Strings.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Strings
logisim_src/analyze/model/Parser.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Parser
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Parser$Context
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Parser$Token
logisim_src/std/memory/RomAttributes.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.RomAttributes
logisim_src/std/arith/Strings.java
 logisim_src.std.arith.Strings
draw/shapes/Oval.java
 draw.shapes.Oval
logisim_src/instance/InstanceLogger.java
 logisim_src.instance.InstanceLogger
logisim_src/gui/main/Selection.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.Selection
 logisim_src.gui.main.Selection$Event
 logisim_src.gui.main.Selection$Listener
 logisim_src.gui.main.Selection$MyListener
logisim_src/std/gates/EvenParityGate.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.EvenParityGate
logisim_src/instance/InstanceTextField.java
 logisim_src.instance.InstanceTextField
logisim_src/std/gates/AndGate.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.AndGate
draw/canvas/CanvasTool.java
 draw.canvas.CanvasTool
logisim_src/util/WindowMenu.java
 logisim_src.util.WindowMenu
 logisim_src.util.WindowMenu$MyListener
logisim_src/gui/opts/ToolbarList.java
 logisim_src.gui.opts.ToolbarList
 logisim_src.gui.opts.ToolbarList$ListRenderer
 logisim_src.gui.opts.ToolbarList$Model
 logisim_src.gui.opts.ToolbarList$ToolIcon
logisim_src/std/memory/Rom.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.Rom
 logisim_src.std.memory.Rom$ContentsAttribute
 logisim_src.std.memory.Rom$ContentsCell
logisim_src/std/plexers/BitSelector.java
 logisim_src.std.plexers.BitSelector
logisim_src/tools/WireRepair.java
 logisim_src.tools.WireRepair
logisim_src/circuit/SubcircuitFactory.java
 logisim_src.circuit.SubcircuitFactory
 logisim_src.circuit.SubcircuitFactory$CircuitFeature
logisim_src/std/gates/GateAttributeList.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.GateAttributeList
logisim_src/analyze/gui/OutputSelector.java
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.OutputSelector
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.OutputSelector$Model
logisim_src/std/arith/Subtractor.java
 logisim_src.std.arith.Subtractor
logisim_src/circuit/appear/AppearanceSvgReader.java
 logisim_src.circuit.appear.AppearanceSvgReader
logisim_src/proj/Strings.java
 logisim_src.proj.Strings
hex/Test.java
 hex.Test
 hex.Test$Model
logisim_src/proj/Project.java
 logisim_src.proj.Project
 logisim_src.proj.Project$ActionData
 logisim_src.proj.Project$MyListener
draw/actions/ModelAddAction.java
 draw.actions.ModelAddAction
logisim_src/gui/menu/ProjectLibraryActions.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.ProjectLibraryActions
 logisim_src.gui.menu.ProjectLibraryActions$BuiltinOption
 logisim_src.gui.menu.ProjectLibraryActions$LibraryJList
draw/gui/AttrTableSelectionModel.java
 draw.gui.AttrTableSelectionModel
logisim_src/circuit/SimulatorEvent.java
 logisim_src.circuit.SimulatorEvent
logisim_src/std/arith/Shifter.java
 logisim_src.std.arith.Shifter
logisim_src/std/io/Io.java
 logisim_src.std.io.Io
logisim_src/gui/appear/AppearanceToolbarModel.java
 logisim_src.gui.appear.AppearanceToolbarModel
logisim_src/gui/prefs/OptionsPanel.java
 logisim_src.gui.prefs.OptionsPanel
logisim_src/gui/main/SimulationTreeCircuitNode.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.SimulationTreeCircuitNode
 logisim_src.gui.main.SimulationTreeCircuitNode$CompareByName
logisim_src/file/ReaderInputStream.java
 logisim_src.file.ReaderInputStream
logisim_src/std/io/Joystick.java
 logisim_src.std.io.Joystick
 logisim_src.std.io.Joystick$Poker
 logisim_src.std.io.Joystick$State
logisim_src/gui/main/Print.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.Print
 logisim_src.gui.main.Print$MyPrintable
 logisim_src.gui.main.Print$ParmsPanel
logisim_src/gui/menu/MenuProject.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.MenuProject
 logisim_src.gui.menu.MenuProject$MyListener
logisim_src/tools/EditTool.java
 logisim_src.tools.EditTool
 logisim_src.tools.EditTool$Listener
logisim_src/std/io/Led.java
 logisim_src.std.io.Led
 logisim_src.std.io.Led$Logger
logisim_src/gui/prefs/Strings.java
 logisim_src.gui.prefs.Strings
logisim_src/instance/InstanceState.java
 logisim_src.instance.InstanceState
draw/shapes/SvgCreator.java
 draw.shapes.SvgCreator
logisim_src/prefs/AbstractPrefMonitor.java
 logisim_src.prefs.AbstractPrefMonitor
logisim_src/circuit/SubcircuitPoker.java
 logisim_src.circuit.SubcircuitPoker
logisim_src/file/XmlReader.java
 logisim_src.file.XmlReader
 logisim_src.file.XmlReader$CircuitData
 logisim_src.file.XmlReader$ReadContext
draw/toolbar/ToolbarModelListener.java
 draw.toolbar.ToolbarModelListener
logisim_src/gui/prefs/PrefBoolean.java
 logisim_src.gui.prefs.PrefBoolean
logisim_src/std/base/Text.java
 logisim_src.std.base.Text
logisim_src/prefs/PrefMonitorDouble.java
 logisim_src.prefs.PrefMonitorDouble
logisim_src/circuit/AnalyzeException.java
 logisim_src.circuit.AnalyzeException
 logisim_src.circuit.AnalyzeException$CannotHandle
 logisim_src.circuit.AnalyzeException$Circular
 logisim_src.circuit.AnalyzeException$Conflict
logisim_src/analyze/model/Assignments.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Assignments
logisim_src/gui/generic/AttrTableModel.java
 logisim_src.gui.generic.AttrTableModel
hex/Caret.java
 hex.Caret
 hex.Caret$1
 hex.Caret$Listener
logisim_src/tools/Strings.java
 logisim_src.tools.Strings
logisim_src/analyze/gui/Strings.java
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.Strings
logisim_src/tools/Caret.java
 logisim_src.tools.Caret
gray/CounterPoker.java
 gray.CounterPoker
logisim_src/gui/generic/AttrTableModelListener.java
 logisim_src.gui.generic.AttrTableModelListener
draw/shapes/PolyUtil.java
 draw.shapes.PolyUtil
 draw.shapes.PolyUtil$ClosestResult
logisim_src/data/AttributeSets.java
 logisim_src.data.AttributeSets
 logisim_src.data.AttributeSets$1
 logisim_src.data.AttributeSets$FixedSet
 logisim_src.data.AttributeSets$SingletonSet
logisim_src/gui/menu/MenuHelp.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.MenuHelp
logisim_src/util/Icons.java
 logisim_src.util.Icons
logisim_src/gui/menu/Popups.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.Popups
 logisim_src.gui.menu.Popups$CircuitPopup
 logisim_src.gui.menu.Popups$LibraryPopup
 logisim_src.gui.menu.Popups$ProjectPopup
draw/undo/ActionUnion.java
 draw.undo.ActionUnion
logisim_src/instance/InstanceStateImpl.java
 logisim_src.instance.InstanceStateImpl
logisim_src/circuit/Propagator.java
 logisim_src.circuit.Propagator
 logisim_src.circuit.Propagator$ComponentPoint
 logisim_src.circuit.Propagator$Listener
 logisim_src.circuit.Propagator$SetData
logisim_src/std/wiring/TunnelAttributes.java
 logisim_src.std.wiring.TunnelAttributes
logisim_src/prefs/PrefMonitorString.java
 logisim_src.prefs.PrefMonitorString
logisim_src/analyze/model/OutputExpressionsListener.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.OutputExpressionsListener
logisim_src/util/TableConstraints.java
 logisim_src.util.TableConstraints
logisim_src/gui/main/Strings.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.Strings
logisim_src/proj/ProjectListener.java
 logisim_src.proj.ProjectListener
logisim_src/tools/move/MoveGesture.java
 logisim_src.tools.move.MoveGesture
logisim_src/tools/move/AvoidanceMap.java
 logisim_src.tools.move.AvoidanceMap
logisim_src/std/arith/Divider.java
 logisim_src.std.arith.Divider
logisim_src/analyze/model/TruthTableEvent.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.TruthTableEvent
logisim_src/std/gates/ControlledBuffer.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.ControlledBuffer
 logisim_src.std.gates.ControlledBuffer$1
logisim_src/gui/appear/RevertAppearanceAction.java
 logisim_src.gui.appear.RevertAppearanceAction
logisim_src/comp/TextFieldEvent.java
 logisim_src.comp.TextFieldEvent
logisim_src/std/gates/OrGate.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.OrGate
logisim_src/tools/key/Strings.java
 logisim_src.tools.key.Strings
logisim_src/std/plexers/Strings.java
 logisim_src.std.plexers.Strings
logisim_src/gui/appear/Clipboard.java
 logisim_src.gui.appear.Clipboard
logisim_src/gui/main/AttrTableCircuitModel.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.AttrTableCircuitModel
logisim_src/gui/main/TickCounter.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.TickCounter
logisim_src/gui/generic/ZoomModelListener.java
 logisim_src.gui.generic.ZoomModelListener
logisim_src/analyze/gui/TruthTablePanel.java
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.TruthTablePanel
draw/shapes/SvgReader.java
 draw.shapes.SvgReader
logisim_src/circuit/Splitter.java
 logisim_src.circuit.Splitter
logisim_src/std/wiring/BitExtender.java
 logisim_src.std.wiring.BitExtender
logisim_src/std/memory/MemState.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.MemState
logisim_src/circuit/CircuitTransactionResult.java
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitTransactionResult
logisim_src/gui/main/ToolboxToolbarModel.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.ToolboxToolbarModel
logisim_src/tools/TextEditable.java
 logisim_src.tools.TextEditable
draw/undo/Action.java
 draw.undo.Action
logisim_src/util/Dag.java
 logisim_src.util.Dag
 logisim_src.util.Dag$Node
logisim_src/gui/start/MacOsAdapter.java
 logisim_src.gui.start.MacOsAdapter
 logisim_src.gui.start.MacOsAdapter$MyListener
logisim_src/std/arith/Arithmetic.java
 logisim_src.std.arith.Arithmetic
logisim_src/util/IteratorUtil.java
 logisim_src.util.IteratorUtil
 logisim_src.util.IteratorUtil$ArrayIterator
 logisim_src.util.IteratorUtil$EmptyIterator
 logisim_src.util.IteratorUtil$IteratorUnion
 logisim_src.util.IteratorUtil$UnitIterator
logisim_src/instance/Port.java
 logisim_src.instance.Port
logisim_src/circuit/SplitterPainter.java
 logisim_src.circuit.SplitterPainter
logisim_src/analyze/gui/BuildCircuitButton.java
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.BuildCircuitButton
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.BuildCircuitButton$DialogPanel
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.BuildCircuitButton$MyListener
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.BuildCircuitButton$ProjectItem
draw/model/CanvasModel.java
 draw.model.CanvasModel
logisim_src/tools/key/ParallelConfigurator.java
 logisim_src.tools.key.ParallelConfigurator
logisim_src/gui/main/SimulationTreeRenderer.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.SimulationTreeRenderer
 logisim_src.gui.main.SimulationTreeRenderer$RendererIcon
logisim_src/LogisimVersion.java
 logisim_src.LogisimVersion
logisim_src/std/memory/ShiftRegisterPoker.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.ShiftRegisterPoker
logisim_src/comp/ComponentDrawContext.java
 logisim_src.comp.ComponentDrawContext
hex/Highlighter.java
 hex.Highlighter
 hex.Highlighter$Entry
logisim_src/gui/generic/CardPanel.java
 logisim_src.gui.generic.CardPanel
draw/shapes/Strings.java
 draw.shapes.Strings
logisim_src/file/XmlCircuitReader.java
 logisim_src.file.XmlCircuitReader
logisim_src/gui/main/Toolbox.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.Toolbox
logisim_src/gui/main/AttrTableSelectionModel.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.AttrTableSelectionModel
logisim_src/std/arith/BitAdder.java
 logisim_src.std.arith.BitAdder
logisim_src/circuit/CircuitState.java
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitState
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitState$MyCircuitListener
logisim_src/std/memory/Random.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.Random
 logisim_src.std.memory.Random$Logger
 logisim_src.std.memory.Random$StateData
logisim_src/analyze/model/Expression.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Expression
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Expression$1
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Expression$2
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Expression$3
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Expression$4
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Expression$5
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Expression$6
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Expression$7
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Expression$IntVisitor
 logisim_src.analyze.model.Expression$Visitor
logisim_src/comp/AbstractComponent.java
 logisim_src.comp.AbstractComponent
draw/actions/ModelAction.java
 draw.actions.ModelAction
logisim_src/tools/CaretEvent.java
 logisim_src.tools.CaretEvent
logisim_src/gui/log/ValueLog.java
 logisim_src.gui.log.ValueLog
logisim_src/data/AbstractAttributeSet.java
 logisim_src.data.AbstractAttributeSet
logisim_src/analyze/gui/TableTab.java
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.TableTab
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.TableTab$1
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.TableTab$MyListener
logisim_src/util/WindowMenuItemManager.java
 logisim_src.util.WindowMenuItemManager
 logisim_src.util.WindowMenuItemManager$MyListener
logisim_src/gui/log/ScrollPanel.java
 logisim_src.gui.log.ScrollPanel
gray/GrayIncrementer.java
 gray.GrayIncrementer
logisim_src/gui/main/Canvas.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.Canvas
 logisim_src.gui.main.Canvas$MyListener
 logisim_src.gui.main.Canvas$MyProjectListener
 logisim_src.gui.main.Canvas$MyViewport
logisim_src/tools/move/ConnectionData.java
 logisim_src.tools.move.ConnectionData
logisim_src/analyze/model/ParserException.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.ParserException
draw/canvas/SelectionListener.java
 draw.canvas.SelectionListener
logisim_src/comp/ComponentUserEvent.java
 logisim_src.comp.ComponentUserEvent
logisim_src/gui/appear/LayoutThumbnail.java
 logisim_src.gui.appear.LayoutThumbnail
logisim_src/circuit/ExpressionComputer.java
 logisim_src.circuit.ExpressionComputer
logisim_src/analyze/gui/KarnaughMapPanel.java
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.KarnaughMapPanel
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.KarnaughMapPanel$MyListener
logisim_src/std/wiring/Pin.java
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Pin
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Pin$PinLogger
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Pin$PinPoker
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Pin$PinState
logisim_src/gui/hex/HexFile.java
 logisim_src.gui.hex.HexFile
 logisim_src.gui.hex.HexFile$HexReader
logisim_src/comp/AbstractComponentFactory.java
 logisim_src.comp.AbstractComponentFactory
logisim_src/gui/main/SelectionActions.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.SelectionActions
 logisim_src.gui.main.SelectionActions$Copy
 logisim_src.gui.main.SelectionActions$Cut
 logisim_src.gui.main.SelectionActions$Delete
 logisim_src.gui.main.SelectionActions$Drop
 logisim_src.gui.main.SelectionActions$Duplicate
 logisim_src.gui.main.SelectionActions$Paste
 logisim_src.gui.main.SelectionActions$Translate
logisim_src/gui/log/Strings.java
 logisim_src.gui.log.Strings
logisim_src/util/ZipClassLoader.java
 logisim_src.util.ZipClassLoader
 logisim_src.util.ZipClassLoader$Request
 logisim_src.util.ZipClassLoader$WorkThread
logisim_src/util/WindowMenuItem.java
 logisim_src.util.WindowMenuItem
logisim_src/std/plexers/Decoder.java
 logisim_src.std.plexers.Decoder
logisim_src/gui/opts/ToolbarActions.java
 logisim_src.gui.opts.ToolbarActions
 logisim_src.gui.opts.ToolbarActions$AddSeparator
 logisim_src.gui.opts.ToolbarActions$AddTool
 logisim_src.gui.opts.ToolbarActions$MoveTool
 logisim_src.gui.opts.ToolbarActions$RemoveSeparator
 logisim_src.gui.opts.ToolbarActions$RemoveTool
draw/gui/Strings.java
 draw.gui.Strings
logisim_src/std/io/HexDigit.java
 logisim_src.std.io.HexDigit
logisim_src/analyze/gui/ExpressionTab.java
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.ExpressionTab
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.ExpressionTab$MyListener
logisim_src/tools/move/Connector.java
 logisim_src.tools.move.Connector
 logisim_src.tools.move.Connector$1
logisim_src/circuit/CircuitException.java
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitException
logisim_src/gui/start/TtyInterface.java
 logisim_src.gui.start.TtyInterface
 logisim_src.gui.start.TtyInterface$StdinThread
draw/canvas/CanvasListener.java
 draw.canvas.CanvasListener
logisim_src/gui/start/SplashScreen.java
 logisim_src.gui.start.SplashScreen
 logisim_src.gui.start.SplashScreen$1
 logisim_src.gui.start.SplashScreen$Marker
draw/toolbar/AbstractToolbarModel.java
 draw.toolbar.AbstractToolbarModel
logisim_src/gui/log/FilePanel.java
 logisim_src.gui.log.FilePanel
 logisim_src.gui.log.FilePanel$Listener
logisim_src/util/VerticalSplitPane.java
 logisim_src.util.VerticalSplitPane
 logisim_src.util.VerticalSplitPane$MyDragbar
 logisim_src.util.VerticalSplitPane$MyLayout
logisim_src/circuit/RadixOption.java
 logisim_src.circuit.RadixOption
 logisim_src.circuit.RadixOption$Radix10Signed
 logisim_src.circuit.RadixOption$Radix10Unsigned
 logisim_src.circuit.RadixOption$Radix16
 logisim_src.circuit.RadixOption$Radix2
 logisim_src.circuit.RadixOption$Radix8
logisim_src/gui/generic/CanvasPane.java
 logisim_src.gui.generic.CanvasPane
 logisim_src.gui.generic.CanvasPane$Listener
logisim_src/tools/AddTool.java
 logisim_src.tools.AddTool
 logisim_src.tools.AddTool$MyAttributeListener
logisim_src/prefs/AppPreferences.java
 logisim_src.prefs.AppPreferences
 logisim_src.prefs.AppPreferences$LocalePreference
 logisim_src.prefs.AppPreferences$MyListener
draw/toolbar/ToolbarModel.java
 draw.toolbar.ToolbarModel
logisim_src/tools/ToolTipMaker.java
 logisim_src.tools.ToolTipMaker
logisim_src/gui/generic/LDialog.java
 logisim_src.gui.generic.LDialog
logisim_src/gui/menu/LogisimMenuBar.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.LogisimMenuBar
 logisim_src.gui.menu.LogisimMenuBar$MyListener
logisim_src/std/gates/NorGate.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.NorGate
logisim_src/gui/opts/OptionsActions.java
 logisim_src.gui.opts.OptionsActions
 logisim_src.gui.opts.OptionsActions$RemoveMapping
 logisim_src.gui.opts.OptionsActions$SetAction
 logisim_src.gui.opts.OptionsActions$SetMapping
logisim_src/gui/menu/MenuSimulate.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.MenuSimulate
 logisim_src.gui.menu.MenuSimulate$CircuitStateMenuItem
 logisim_src.gui.menu.MenuSimulate$MyListener
 logisim_src.gui.menu.MenuSimulate$TickFrequencyChoice
logisim_src/instance/InstanceFactory.java
 logisim_src.instance.InstanceFactory
logisim_src/util/Cache.java
 logisim_src.util.Cache
logisim_src/data/Bounds.java
 logisim_src.data.Bounds
logisim_src/file/Strings.java
 logisim_src.file.Strings
logisim_src/gui/log/LogThread.java
 logisim_src.gui.log.LogThread
logisim_src/gui/opts/MouseOptions.java
 logisim_src.gui.opts.MouseOptions
 logisim_src.gui.opts.MouseOptions$AddArea
 logisim_src.gui.opts.MouseOptions$MappingsModel
 logisim_src.gui.opts.MouseOptions$MyListener
logisim_src/gui/appear/AppearanceEditPopup.java
 logisim_src.gui.appear.AppearanceEditPopup
draw/tools/PolyTool.java
 draw.tools.PolyTool
draw/actions/ModelReorderAction.java
 draw.actions.ModelReorderAction
logisim_src/comp/Component.java
 logisim_src.comp.Component
logisim_src/std/memory/RomContentsListener.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.RomContentsListener
 logisim_src.std.memory.RomContentsListener$Change
draw/tools/DrawingAttributeSet.java
 draw.tools.DrawingAttributeSet
 draw.tools.DrawingAttributeSet$Restriction
logisim_src/gui/menu/MenuItemImpl.java
 logisim_src.gui.menu.MenuItemImpl
logisim_src/gui/main/SelectionSave.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.SelectionSave
logisim_src/std/plexers/Plexers.java
 logisim_src.std.plexers.Plexers
logisim_src/std/wiring/Power.java
 logisim_src.std.wiring.Power
logisim_src/file/LoaderException.java
 logisim_src.file.LoaderException
logisim_src/std/gates/Gates.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.Gates
logisim_src/util/FontUtil.java
 logisim_src.util.FontUtil
logisim_src/std/io/TtyState.java
 logisim_src.std.io.TtyState
logisim_src/util/JInputComponent.java
 logisim_src.util.JInputComponent
hex/HexEditor.java
 hex.HexEditor
 hex.HexEditor$Listener
logisim_src/std/memory/ShiftRegisterLogger.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.ShiftRegisterLogger
draw/toolbar/ToolbarItem.java
 draw.toolbar.ToolbarItem
logisim_src/gui/generic/BasicZoomModel.java
 logisim_src.gui.generic.BasicZoomModel
logisim_src/gui/main/SimulationTreeModel.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.SimulationTreeModel
draw/toolbar/Toolbar.java
 draw.toolbar.Toolbar
 draw.toolbar.Toolbar$MyListener
logisim_src/gui/opts/OptionsPanel.java
 logisim_src.gui.opts.OptionsPanel
logisim_src/circuit/Analyze.java
 logisim_src.circuit.Analyze
 logisim_src.circuit.Analyze$1
 logisim_src.circuit.Analyze$ExpressionMap
logisim_src/circuit/Simulator.java
 logisim_src.circuit.Simulator
 logisim_src.circuit.Simulator$PropagationManager
logisim_src/analyze/gui/TableTabClip.java
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.TableTabClip
 logisim_src.analyze.gui.TableTabClip$Data
draw/toolbar/ToolbarButton.java
 draw.toolbar.ToolbarButton
logisim_src/file/FileStatistics.java
 logisim_src.file.FileStatistics
 logisim_src.file.FileStatistics$Count
draw/canvas/SelectionEvent.java
 draw.canvas.SelectionEvent
logisim_src/gui/prefs/ExperimentalOptions.java
 logisim_src.gui.prefs.ExperimentalOptions
logisim_src/tools/Tool.java
 logisim_src.tools.Tool
logisim_src/gui/hex/Clip.java
 logisim_src.gui.hex.Clip
 logisim_src.gui.hex.Clip$Data
logisim_src/circuit/appear/AppearanceElement.java
 logisim_src.circuit.appear.AppearanceElement
draw/actions/Strings.java
 draw.actions.Strings
logisim_src/file/LoadedLibrary.java
 logisim_src.file.LoadedLibrary
 logisim_src.file.LoadedLibrary$MyListener
draw/model/ReorderRequest.java
 draw.model.ReorderRequest
 draw.model.ReorderRequest$Compare
logisim_src/std/memory/Register.java
 logisim_src.std.memory.Register
logisim_src/data/Attribute.java
 logisim_src.data.Attribute
logisim_src/circuit/CircuitChange.java
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitChange
logisim_src/gui/main/SelectionAttributes.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.SelectionAttributes
 logisim_src.gui.main.SelectionAttributes$Listener
logisim_src/std/gates/CircuitDetermination.java
 logisim_src.std.gates.CircuitDetermination
 logisim_src.std.gates.CircuitDetermination$Determine
 logisim_src.std.gates.CircuitDetermination$Gate
 logisim_src.std.gates.CircuitDetermination$Input
 logisim_src.std.gates.CircuitDetermination$Value
draw/tools/OvalTool.java
 draw.tools.OvalTool
logisim_src/tools/CustomHandles.java
 logisim_src.tools.CustomHandles
draw/actions/ModelChangeAttributeAction.java
 draw.actions.ModelChangeAttributeAction
logisim_src/instance/InstancePokerAdapter.java
 logisim_src.instance.InstancePokerAdapter
logisim_src/circuit/Circuit.java
 logisim_src.circuit.Circuit
 logisim_src.circuit.Circuit$EndChangedTransaction
 logisim_src.circuit.Circuit$MyComponentListener
logisim_src/gui/main/SelectionBase.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.SelectionBase
draw/shapes/FillableCanvasObject.java
 draw.shapes.FillableCanvasObject
draw/canvas/Selection.java
 draw.canvas.Selection
logisim_src/data/AttributeSetImpl.java
 logisim_src.data.AttributeSetImpl
 logisim_src.data.AttributeSetImpl$AttrIterator
 logisim_src.data.AttributeSetImpl$AttrList
 logisim_src.data.AttributeSetImpl$Node
draw/tools/RectangularTool.java
 draw.tools.RectangularTool
draw/actions/ModelEditTextAction.java
 draw.actions.ModelEditTextAction
logisim_src/gui/main/ExplorerToolbarModel.java
 logisim_src.gui.main.ExplorerToolbarModel
hex/HexModel.java
 hex.HexModel
logisim_src/gui/appear/ClipboardActions.java
 logisim_src.gui.appear.ClipboardActions
logisim_src/analyze/model/ExpressionVisitor.java
 logisim_src.analyze.model.ExpressionVisitor
logisim_src/circuit/Wire.java
 logisim_src.circuit.Wire
 logisim_src.circuit.Wire$EndList
logisim_src/circuit/CircuitEvent.java
 logisim_src.circuit.CircuitEvent
logisim_src/circuit/WireFactory.java
 logisim_src.circuit.WireFactory
logisim_src/gui/log/Model.java
 logisim_src.gui.log.Model
